TODO: Use Unreal Engine's reflection system to build the voice signal's fundamental- and formant-frequencies.
TODO: Provide the library sine wave generator with a 10s decay envelope to simulate (human) lung capacity.
TODO: Use a breath blueprint which can be used after 5s of speech to simulate a window for the speaker to take a breath.
TODO: Use a noise generator to simulate the speaker's breath.

Notes

Manually adding blueprint macros to a project seems to break subsequent C++ builds or are just ignored by the UE INI pkg compiler!
Adding custom blueprints as C++ compenents in the UE event graph seems to work fine. Each blueprint class is then compiled as a separate implementation file.
It appears verbals consonats and vowels carry the most information in speech. The library should be able to generate these sounds with a high degree of delineation.

Circular convolution on a pair of finite length signals can be accomplished by performing a fast fourier transform on the signals, 
multiplying them (in the Frequency domain), performing an inverse fourier transform on the signal, and then scaling them by the bit-depth-per-sample 
(ie. the N bit dynamic range) to avoid clipping (lossy).

BitDepthPerSample = 16; Encodes 2^16 = 65536 possible amplitude values per sample.
SampleRate = 44100; Encodes 44100 frequency values per sample per second. Nyquist frequency is 22050 Hz. (Human hearing range is 20 Hz to 20 kHz.)

If I intend to rely on Spectrograms for their realism versus signal formants because of their computational simplicity and ease of use, 
I should consider using Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) to generate the spectrograms from a set of training data.

TODO via ChatGPT-4:

To train a GAN to generate novel spectrograms for male voices, you would first need to collect a dataset of spectrograms of male voices speaking the word "Bob" with varying prosody, style, and emphasis. 
Once you have collected your dataset, you would then split it into two sets: a training set and a test set. 
The training set will be used to train the GAN model, and the test set will be used to evaluate the performance of the trained model.

Next, you would need to design the architecture of the GAN model. The generator model will typically consist of a neural network that is trained to take a random noise vector as input and produce a spectrogram as output. The discriminator model will also typically consist of a neural network, but it will be trained to take a spectrogram as input and produce a binary output indicating whether the spectrogram is real or generated.

Once you have designed the architecture of the GAN model, you would then need to train the model. This can be done using a variety of different training algorithms. 
One common training algorithm is the Adam algorithm.

Once the GAN model is trained, you can then use it to generate novel spectrograms for male voices. 
To do this, you would simply feed the generator model a random noise vector and the generator model will produce a spectrogram.

Here is a diagram that illustrates the training process of a GAN model:

[Diagram of GAN training]

The following are some of the advantages of using GANs to generate novel spectrograms for male voices:

* GANs can be used to generate spectrograms that are indistinguishable from real spectrograms. This means that GANs can be used to create synthetic voice datasets that are very realistic.
* GANs can be used to generate spectrograms with a wide variety of prosody, style, and emphasis. This means that GANs can be used to create synthetic voice datasets that are very diverse.
* GANs are relatively easy to train and can be trained on a variety of different hardware platforms.

Here are some of the disadvantages of using GANs to generate novel spectrograms for male voices:

* GANs can be computationally expensive to train.
* GANs can be difficult to train and may not always converge to a good solution.
* GANs can be sensitive to the training data and may generate spectrograms that are not realistic if the training data is not of high quality.

Overall, GANs are a powerful tool that can be used to generate novel spectrograms for male voices. 
However, it is important to be aware of the advantages and disadvantages of GANs before using them for this purpose.


